Update README.md for 8.0a1. (#13)
cylc/cylc-conda: README.md

anaconda_upload: false
```

Create a new Conda environment, e.g. `cylc1`.

- `conda create -n cylc1`
- `conda activate cylc1`

Install Cylc

- `conda install cylc`

You should now be able to run Cylc commands, e.g.:

- `cylc --version`
- `cylc run --no-detach my.suite`
- `cylc-uiserver --help`

Start the hub (jupyterhub gets installed with the "cylc" package):

- `jupyterhub
    --JupyterHub.spawner_class="jupyterhub.spawner.LocalProcessSpawner"
    --Spawner.args="['-s', '${CONDA_PREFIX}/work/cylc-ui']"
    --Spawner.cmd="cylc-uiserver"
    --JupyterHub.logo_file="${CONDA_PREFIX}/work/cylc-ui/img/logo.png"`

> Voilà 🎉. Go to `http://localhost:8000`, log in wto the Hub ith your local user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Voilà 🎉. Go to `http://localhost:8000`, log in to the Hub with your local user
```

Author: Ha, that's a weird typo! I must have started typing in the middle of a word :grimacing:
